it's not every day you can buy Beyonce's
dress Shirley Bassey shoes and Natalie
Imbruglia hat all under one roof but you
can at this rather exclusive charity
shop inside london's department store
selfridges the idea of selling celebrity
clobber for Oxfam came from rock legend
Annie Lennox and Vanessa Branson sister
of entrepreneur Richard was one of
several of her friends who've been
helping run it I mean the genius of any
circle project is that everybody feels
engaged in it your ideas are listened to
and it's not just about is no sending in
a check every year you feel a part of
what's happening you and sue but what's
happening and you know that you are
making a direct difference the shop is
only for a week but the history behind
the clothes will last a lifetime so this
dress has been donated by Annie Lennox
and she's done these beautiful little
labels that have a history of each of
their dresses that she's been aided or
item so this dress was worn when she did
a concert with alicia keys so far 30,000
pounds has been raised by the shop for
Oxfam projects around the world but even
without the celebrity kudos charity
shops are making money a survey last
year showed profits were up more than
four percent to a hundred million pounds
Oxfam is the UK's biggest charity
retailer with more than 700 outlets it's
been working hard to transform its image
from Humble charity shop to a high
street fashion contender Teresa collar
net runs one of oxfam's boutiques
selling only the creme of designer
castoffs basically we're proving that a
charity job can be a fashionable place
and basically just a kind of alternative
fashion resource if you like which
obviously a wider selection for any sort
of person the price is here maybe higher
their most charity shops that the
customers don't seem to mind some of the
things are a bit expensive but then
obviously they were probably way more
expensive than that originally so you
expect to pay a bit more
because of the celebrity connection
actually if you like these shoes here
they're really nice and they're
Christian Louboutins they're really
really good anything you probably keep
them in a glass box there's also plenty
for those with a little nest to spend
yeah it's amazing Sharon's dress doesn't
have a celebrity connection but it is a
bargain and with the UK about to tackle
its massive budget deficit at something
more people are likely to seek in the
coming months hey Luke lat Reuters